W-16026636 Making fixes (#341)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/single-log-out-task.adoc

= Configuring Single Signout
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> As Administrator, you can configure single signout if you use SAML. OpenID Connect does not support single signout. Using single signout, a user or user agent can sign out of an authenticated environment and ensure that both service providers and identity servers process the signout correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As Administrator, you can configure single signout if you use SAML. OpenID Connect doesn't support single signout. Using single signout, a user or user agent can sign out of an authenticated environment and ensure that both service providers and identity servers process the signout correctly.
```

> This procedure shows how to perform single signout and how to control where the user is redirected after signing out. Redirecting the user to a different page is often preferred. You can configure such a redirect in your PingFederate configuration. You can add a `redirect_uri` query parameter to the SLO Service URL, and Anypoint Platform routes the user there rather than to the Anypoint Platform sign-in page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following procedure shows how to perform single signout and control where the user is redirected after signing out. 
To redirect the user to a different page, set up the redirect in your PingFederate configuration by adding a `redirect_uri` query parameter to the SLO Service URL. Anypoint Platform routes the user to that page rather than to the Anypoint Platform sign-in page.
```
